pull up on the homo door OBO case you
don't know that's cold Baltimore hope I
really tax that drama me cuz this hope
looks bigger in the magazine size just
kidding man welcome to the real deal
enchanted on the seat AKA royal
caribbean stretch poems limousine or the
keys
six times you can put your game on seven
bars with hops on let's go you can get
your drink on one
the 126s cabin no wonder this post gets
chicken in the evening in the nice to
have killer shows in the Orpheum that's
the shits Science Theater big as another
Torrey own but you know what they say
your budget with big show like the room
where they should you have any little
bad but you will paint that teeny little
bathroom when you have free restaurants
and food or you can get your fee so on
Oh digging it was just a sniffing
steaming good they're so good you'll be
on your side and your matura so look at
the time I think is gonna time you have
fresh us a fried turkey porkchops also
some roasted Lobster and juicy lamb
chops the 50 of guilty do some curls in
the gym or just enjoy an add to your
double chin if curling ain't your game
cotton some locks if shopping is your
name buy some socks to be free tax-free
you just can't stop there was one model
in this vacation spot that was getting
used to saying quote why not one another
lobster why not wanna swim with emo why
not
wanna sing karaoke why not thing is
believing in royal caribbean one another
lobster why I wanted to win with MIMO
why I wanna sing karaoke why
you